Describe the SlideOutView.toggleMenuVisibility(showing) method (#2445)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxSlideOut/3 Methods/toggleMenuVisibility(showing).md

A Promise that is resolved after the menu is shown/hidden. It is a <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise" target="_blank">native Promise</a> or a <a href="http://api.jquery.com/Types/#Promise" target="_blank">jQuery.Promise</a> when you use jQuery.

##### param(showing): Boolean | undefined

> Specifies whether to show or hide the UI component. **undefined** reverses the current state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to show or hide the UI component. **undefined** reverses the current visibility state.
```

---

> You can use this method instead of [showMenu()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Methods/#showMenu) and [hideMenu()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Methods/#hideMenu) methods. The only difference is that you specify whether to show or hide the UI component when you pass **true**, **false**, or **undefined** to the method parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this method instead of the [showMenu()]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#showMenu) and [hideMenu()]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#hideMenu) methods.
```
